PDF - documentation draft (#3497)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/50 Common/Object Structures/PdfExportDataGridProps/onRowExporting.md

---
---
##### shortDescription

> A function that is executed before the row of the DataGrid is exported. Allows you to custimize the height of the exported row.

Reviewer: Allows you to **customize** the height of the exported row.

> A function that is executed before the row of the DataGrid is exported. Allows you to customize the height of the exported row.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A function that allows you to customize the height of the exported row. This function is executed before the row export.
```

##### param(options): Object
Information about the event.

##### field(options.rowCells): Array<PdfCell>

> Cells for the currently exporting row.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An array of cells of the exported row.
```

##### field(options.rowHeight): Number

> Allows you to specify the minimum height of the exported row. If the specified value is less than the height of the text, the component increases the row height automatically.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Specifies the height of the exported row. If the specified value is less than the height of the text, the component increases the row height automatically.
```

> Allows you to specify the minimum height of the exported row. If the specified value is less than the height of the text, the row height will be automatically increased.

Reviewer: If the specified value is less than the height of the text, the component increases the row height automatically.

> Allows you to specify the minimum height of the exported row. If the specified value is less than the height of the text, then the row height will be automatically increased so that the text has enough space.

Reviewer: If the specified value is less than the height of the text, the row height will be automatically increased.
